hey everybody welcome ignorant lamb
please binding wise Gareth plus it's a
daily we've been winning on dailies but
not ranking that well yesterday four
point six eight percent 401 overall it
was our rank with a score of thirty five
thousand six hundred and sixty took a
lot of damage learn a lot about living
in a little about love today we're going
to be Judas and I'm hoping to keep our
relatively good play recently going I'm
looking at scores number one to number
thirty ranges from forty five thousand
to fifty five thousand so those are good
scores I forget what this is leprosy
you're tearing me apart Lisa you know
what it's a daily leprosy Isaac the
passive item upon taking damage
Isaac gains a body part as an orbital
with plucks enemy shouts and deal seven
damaged protected enemies it comes in
contact with maximum three body parts
active at once the body parts can be
destroyed the body parts persists
between floors that's kind of cool it is
a reference to the room thank you
Binding of Isaac rebirth wiki I was
aware but it's nice to feel vindicated I
suppose
so really today's run and and all these
dailies have just been a way for me to I
feel like I was in like an Isaac you
know mental hospital or something I
almost got hit they're talking about
this conspiracy theory they made the
game harder so anyone who's done the
research tells us they made the game
harder and then I've emerged and I'd
been like I'm better now we don't need
to talk about that but I was still kind
of in this convalescence like recovery
period where I don't really I'm not
going into this being ambitious I'm not
saying we should win we should come in
the top 30 of today's daily all I'm
coming into this run suggesting is
beating the run would be nice and even
like if we lose against delirium as long
as we're able to beat hush and make it
to the void floor we lose against the
unfair boss I kind of consider that okay
dude I was pretty skeptical that was
going to work but now I basically feel
like a god so
let's go back we have two bombs now this
gives us a huge leg up on the
competition if it gave us a spirit art
which it obviously did not so we're
going to come back here go to our shop
our shop does have a speaker in arts but
there is no money to purchase it yet so
we'll use a bomb to blow up the
shopkeeper the shopkeeper has no money
okay we need one penny one penny gives
us so much peace of mind we can get hit
like three times and be alright not
quite there yet we do have a decent
trinket poison not that good as an item
because there's better opportunities as
a trinket there are better opportunities
as well but less of them it's five cents
that's not going to be your second
secret room you had yeah dummy in fact
now that I think about it there's only
one secret room location that makes any
sense and that's this one right here
everything else is spoken for or
otherwise inadmissible for one reason or
another so go to seven cents normally I
don't get too aggressive about looking
for you know love in all the right
places here but we're going to shoot all
the poops and fires because we get a
nickel that could give us you could
change the game a little bit battery
charge we cannot afford weird nicely a
blank card but I honestly unless you get
pageant boy I don't think the money
exists on this floor to get a to get
pageant boys or sorry to get blank cards
so let's kill Big Horn it's the great
thing about being Judas sure you're
little scared in the early game about
your HP but being able to go to nine
damage basically on-demand is pretty
nice and simple is going to help out a
lot with that as well and we head down
to the next floor feeling very good what
do you need to get between 45 and 55 I
like how does anybody else go through
this we're like you know sometimes to
find like starting a class or something
I'm like this is going to make me sound
like nerdier than I actually am I'm
starting a class or something like that
I'm like I don't really not to worry
about all I do in this class you know
it's just for personal gain then I get
like you know 9 or 10 out of 10 on the
first quiz and I'm like I'm going to get
the highest mark ever achieve the same
thing is like this issac round nothing
ambitious right now you know I'm just
hoping to have like a good run play well
then
add to the first floor I'm like how do
we get those scores because we're we're
well poised that was extremely lucky
yeah 45,000 is a high score tie enough
to put you in the top 30
of course honestly we don't need to blow
up the other side so let's just try this
it is a secret room two-spirit arts back
it's a very survivable one obviously you
don't even need me to say but I gonna
say it anyway because it feels like 10
seconds to air not taking so much bad
damage
that'll how about a great deal and then
if you know blank card maybe could show
up again and then we could use that
combined with some two of everything the
body needs to have a good score apart
from that the path here in case you're
not aware but you probably are is make
it the boss rush make it to hush fight
use the hush fight to go to void and
then again in theory you should believe
the run before you fight delirium I've
been saying that that's not the kind of
person I am and every time I fight
delirium I lose like 3,000 points and
probably slipped like a hundred points
down the rankings so not to mention
haven't fighting delirium on occasion in
my you know non dailies I kind of hate
that guy I kind of think he's like the
most annoying boss in the game which is
very sensible given the you know the
hoops you got to jump through to get to
him but still my dog is annoying is all
I'm saying here
so leprosy I'm assuming if it blocks a
bullet it takes damage and thus comes
closer to death or you know being
removed from our dorba ttle list at
least but if it hurts enemies does it
counts
I'm excited huh it's an all-time classic
like if I use it as an orbital does it
take damage from contact of does it only
take damage from actually being shot by
the enemies because I want to use my
chariot card to make this as easy as
possible I don't really want to use a
bomb to look for a secret room when it
could be in many different locations
so oh yeah it's gone still kind of a
cool item take PJ's mostly that's are
exclusively that's just extra spirit
hearts but you know it is nice as Judas
although we're probably an overkill
territory razor blade is interesting but
doesn't strike me as being particularly
strong dark bomb of course was amazing
for it so we're going to head down to
the next floor being on pace but
considering you want to fight house you
might want to go a little bit faster but
we do have that deal with the devil
precedent now so I'm thinking that it
shouldn't be too much of a challenge to
start going a little bit faster you know
what leprosy razor blade might have
actually been a combination I didn't
even think of and then beyond that if we
can get like HP IV bag leprosy can only
have three orbitals at any given time
but seems like a fairly high quality
pick up here so you could just take that
like anything that gives us a benefit
for taking damage is an interesting
archetype and Isaac because there's so
many ways to exploit that without
actually having to hurt yourself like IV
bag functionally doesn't really hurt
yourself most of the time you only use
it in where you tend to only use it in
situations where you know you're already
doing fine on HP or you're just
desperate and you'll you know take what
you can get
that was poor damage there of course
we're gonna take these pills once we
finish this room get out of here you
weird sly not saying like leprosy dull
razor is the one true pairing that
people still say that is that more of a
a 2013 thing I haven't seen OTP in a
long time it died along with you know me
getting tweeted a bunch of supernatural
means addicted
least we know it exists and we know that
we don't need to know it anymore there's
no notes and there's unknown knowns and
then there's no not known that unknown
unknowns we now have a known unknown
which is probably one of the best
unknowns in my opinion don't even get me
started on missing though that's a whole
different category a silliness there so
probably our first key should go to the
shop but of course literally as soon as
I said that we found ourselves face to
face with the item room and in the item
room is a pretty good time I don't know
if you guys are aware of this but most
of the time you go in there you leave
with an item which is I mean a
revelation I'm sure for some of you who
haven't put two and two together on this
run
but around in this game I should say but
yeah I mean it took me probably a three
or four hundred episodes to realize it
anyway as well I mean out of these
you've got to go car battery I don't
know if it even helps with book of
Belial like I don't know if it's going
to take us to to X the bonus for book of
Belial but we got to give it a shot and
if we have a replace book of Belial
which actually happens quite frequently
on Judas runs because you can get items
that fit your needs more more fleshly I
know this this is a technology 0 we had
this on yesterday's daily and it was
sweet except it really in it well I mean
I've had it once today I'm talking like
I'm an expert you know you all have one
friend who spent three days in Spain
it's like low in Spain this is hell oh
the restaurants in Spain is so different
than the ones here potion seller you can
handle my finest pie err
I don't know where the regular secret
room is aw this is like this beautiful
perthro is holdable and usable and oh so
kissable the gods very usable right now
blank rune you usually just pop it
that's the guys on soos at least would
allow us to see the secret room just far
away and then perthro algae's like
really really good for that's I'm pretty
confident that's only one book of belial
upgrades a book of belial upgrades i
guess do not stack with the car battery
or not I really want to roll into a
tears upgrade here dude if we can get
static nonsense rolling about I'll be a
happy camper
that's it tears upgrade I'm a happy
camper I'm going to leave I'm not going
to worry about the secret room even
though we did use on soos to find it
just don't think it's a it's worth the
time investment but I will come down
here and check this out like honestly
this is starting to pop I'm a
notoriously terrible judge of like how
my run is looking from a point
standpoint you know if you ask me how
many points this runs going to finish
with I'd somewhere between 25 and 150
thousand what have I done
okay I'd lost a leprosy orbital in there
okay I'm going to close this I don't
care right now I will engage you in the
Skype conversation at a later basis and
not belabor the point but I think we
have all the tools we need to rank well
here like already because our rate of
fire is 30% better than 10 which is a
very strange way to describe that I feel
like we're capable of beating boss rush
even faster than we beat it yesterday
which shouldn't be hard because
yesterday's boss rush took us 1 or 2 1
to 2 human lifetimes on average
repeating of course to defeat however
because we've got this technology here
we get great coverage at killing enemies
peep didn't die in record time but it
certainly you know didn't take forever
what you try to do I think is miss with
your shots and then get the shots to
create like an electrical field that
goes all the way through the enemy
it's not necessarily an easy thing to do
and having piercing shots will make this
20 times you know less difficult to pull
off so what I'm hoping to get is to is
for this to be the tech X run that I
wanted to see yesterday but never came
through for us in the end so start by
going to the well we have one key don't
go to the item room yet save it for the
shop man we still do have to go to our
shop on the last floor got a great deal
with a devil chance here and we're still
holding per throw in case we find
something that we're not a fan of yeah
where we're starting to chew through
these enemies pretty quickly this feels
like a strong daily ah okay to tears up
and a shots me down which seems like
both of those might be good with
tex06rus time goes on next big upgrade I
mean getting into tears cap would be
nice
we have piercing shots with tech zero
right now so we're crushing it speed
honestly if we can get to like 1.4 speed
it's kind of an arbitrary number in case
you hadn't guessed but we can get the
1.4 speed I'll be pretty happy I almost
left I thought there was like a 0%
chance he'd pay out that quickly the
virus of course is a it's made of six so
we're at 0.9 speed which I hadn't
considered sadly
got one key still so if it's great its
greed yeah its greed we do have enough
time the question is more whether we
have the desire to try to gamble for a
key we don't need two lovely I think
though we should play I mean we got
forty nine cents we should play the
judgment and we should play the the
blood bank as much as possible as well
because blood bag for the speed upgrade
mostly would be pretty nice right now so
we got HP I think we take because it
allows us to play blood bag a little bit
better
I still think you have to try could have
been a good peripheral opportunity but
life goes on alright to stay on schedule
we have to leave right now and that's
fine I still feel like this run is one
of the stronger runs I've had on dailies
over the past couple of weeks and that's
very encouraging stigmata is a lovely
pickup not very strong from a damage
standpoint but it does inches closer to
ten there and beyond that this has got
to be our second secret room the
archetype just points us in the right
direction and you know you're going to
think I wasted a lot of spirit arts
there but we're already at max HP once
you get max level you stop leveling
we're going to head down to the next
floor
Dae Leonard okay I'm ready this floor
we don't expect a deal with the devil
and to be honest with you we probably
don't need one for the rest of the game
but it would be nice to get a to get
something that synergizes with car
battery and eclipses book of a while in
terms of usefulness I think kind of a
less obvious but but really comfortable
item there would be Book of Shadows you
know to get twice as much or
invincibility for twice as long I know
we can get two bombs for a bomb there
but I'm starting to not worry about time
but be more conscious about the timing
of this run right now of course there's
like you know an endless variety of
items that could fit our bill here you
got to try this I think rules card I
bought the emperor card trying to pick
up the era which is actually per throw
just per throw me right now and we don't
want that so that's fine we got our
emperor card and you got to try this as
well huge growth and I mean like you got
to try this as well to a clubs
I'll stick with to a clubs the emperor
card should not be relevant but yeah
there's a variety of space bar items
that fit our bill here so we don't need
to be overly attached to any of them in
particular but I'll space bar item that
works well for us would be nice because
car battery is good and I would feel not
so good if we had wasted it so a minute
and a half before we start to worry too
much about time here pick up whatever
you want to pick up we finish this floor
really really quickly the only reason by
the way that I bought so many of those
cards is because a two of diamonds is
hugely valuable I mean a two of clubs
could be hugely valuable
don't use Boca Belial here not relevant
but mostly from a point standpoint so um
little go explore we can if we leave
this floor and things look dicey that's
a really good opportunity for a golden
key if things look dicey from a point
standpoint I don't know maybe let's try
black hole at least we can keep enemies
in one spot and it's novel we'll head
down to the next floor here was there a
key in the shop if there's a key in the
shop we should hedge our bets a little
bit there was a key in the shop and we
could buy two keys in the shop that
might be a smart idea to Shambala
tickets nothing okay two keys is enough
because now we get to save some money
for the next floor I think we're
probably going to be like a little ahead
of where I normally am as far as points
go like we could be at 14 when we come
down to this floor thirteen point five
oh just 13 flat okay again what did I
tell you who is the worst person when it
comes to judging point totals probably I
mean I'm one of the few who tries and
fails most people who try probably
succeed but most people in general just
probably do the daily and go that's
where I ended up so I don't know if the
black hole's gonna last twice as long or
it's going to have twice as much suck in
power or what's going on there but we
got it nonetheless as this is a scary
situation we got two keys usually you
don't to spend too much time doing this
okay that's fine we wasted one key we
got some consumables out of it point
wise you know we'll we'll get out of
this and one key for a golden key I mean
we've been really lucky with a
distribution of these so far
showing up like exactly when we need
them sho'nuff exactly when we need them
dawn right okay what do you get for the
man who has everything it's an easy
answer I don't have everything give me
speed sure it tears up I mean it might
break the tears Capet even if it doesn't
it's a it tears up it's not a bad thing
but you know don't let me stop you from
giving me it tears upgrade if you decide
that that's in the cards for us here I'm
not going to complain the runs lovely
it's actually fantastic situation
genuinely one of the strongest dailies
I've had in weeks and I'm playing
alright I'm fitting the bill here after
a period of unique you know
deconstruction in my Isaac play not
deconstruction that implies like a level
of deliberateness is more like a
destruction just wasn't playing very
well at all we've got this run here
that's it's a beautiful creature and now
we're asking for speed upgrades but
we're asking for speed upgrades because
I'm slow and I'd like to be faster
neither of these items necessarily
justify a purchase static was the fact
that we have restock so I don't think I
want to purchase oh yeah but it was
actually really good Noli Ace of Hearts
no this is fine no it's not fine
actually I used I thought we've
purchased a second two of clubs card but
we hadn't now we have a supports which I
don't care about but I'm not going to
purchase anything here I'd rather use
our money on the shop to get more and I
don't know if we're going to be able to
do that and by the shop I mean the shop
in the Blue Room which you know it would
have helped if I had articulated that a
little faster for certain but we have
money and we have restock but I don't
really want to spend money on bad items
just to get restocked to work let's go
fight the boss I think we're good to go
here
and we can go to a deal with the devil
which is a rarity for us to have that
sort of time but if it's Krampus
honestly I'd welcome it because both
Krampus is head and lump of coal could
serve a purpose for us right now
it is Krampus if we get screwed here
because we don't have a spectral tears
I'll never forgive myself but that's
good in fact it's very good we get locus
of conquests and lump of coal and then
let's see what we got going on on boss
rush this would be a great boss rush to
not be super slow on I mean how can you
not take magic much you're going to have
to impress him pretty hard to make magic
mushed not the item of choice there so
we're going to pop this down grab magic
mush we have no other damage multipliers
so it's a five damage up how is he he
interstellar
he escaped the event horizon how does
one do that I don't understand
as Neil smoke deGrasse Tyson been lying
to me this whole time we are going to
get through this very very quickly I
mean oh you know what he's not really
escaping is the thing he's just sort of
getting trapped against the wall
I'm also sort of confused like with car
battery I don't really understand why
we're getting a full charge like I
understand why we're getting half of a
charge when we killed a wave I do not
understand why we're getting a full
charge both angels statues at once I
don't understand why we get a full
charge when you finish away it's like we
get a half charge when the wave dies and
then we get another half charge when the
next wave spawns maybe they made boss
rush easier when you have spacebar items
they just give you more charges now well
you know I'm calling it like I see it
pretty sure we're going to make the hush
fight oh you're still hanging out over
there huh I don't know if we have a
particularly strong claim to beat the
hush fight quickly what's going on here
it's war
oh so you just went to like the Z
dimension to get away with that I see
how it is we're going to be out of here
by like 23 minutes at latest and we have
no mapping it would be nice to sort that
out but point wise we're going to be
very much ahead of the curve relative to
my relative to my average here so we get
cursed I obviously like that's not high
on my list so let's uh let's bounce dude
this is a great situation I actually
feel like the top 100 probably should
shy away from saying it's a certainty
but it seems well within the realm of
plausibility because I just I don't know
if black hole is like an item that
people respect if you know what I mean
like don't think it's the item where
people go all black hole I'll take that
you know least I don't respect it most
of the time I look at it I go this is
not garbage but I just don't really
understand how to make it work for us in
the best way possible here how are we
going to make it so we are able to
defeat delirium or is this going to be
the daily where I succumb to the dark
side and like just bow out of the
Delirium fights we got celebrity for
dummies we got Satanic Bible that is a
bookworm transformation but neither of
them are that appealing to me as a
keeper right now mmm tella pills we lose
the hero font but we probably are never
going to need the Euro font but we're
going to go back anyway but I think I am
going to abstain from the curse room I
don't think we need it let me put it
this way the damage from the curse room
is going to in all likelihood outweigh
the expected value of the curse room
this is why I watched northernlion for
the armchair statistician
who's actually incorrect but still I'm
you know my hunch is that that's the
case and I guess be sure to use the
Satanic Bible once but are we too late
for like a twelve million view YouTube
video that's kylo Ren singing Adele's
hello but called hello from the dark
side instead hello film adduction and
then you got to put other lyrics there
that I can't really I'm trying to think
of what rhymes with dark side and has
like some Star Wars relevance but you
know that's what the SNL writers are
there for I don't need to pick that up
and put it back down we're good let's go
those things are about to pop again
you might as well use the black hole
like oh my lord you get an extra charge
every wave on these rooms now so I think
you'd have to be a little silly not to
so I will admit you know I'm being
tempted by the fact that a pretty good
chance if you just don't fight delirium
you'll rank really well today and it's
not like I'm in the most difficult
position in the world here you know it's
not like a 51% while maybe do a 49% one
being to want me not to do it
probably like 80% of people are like
just do whatever makes you happy I'll
tell you what we'll cross that bridge
when we come to it when we see what our
score is I also I wouldn't put it past
myself to try to cheese it and then
accidentally invalidate the daily like I
don't know habits of you alt f4 you like
you hit escape quit run or something
like that I don't know the secret room
in all likelihood but we are that's the
first damage you're taken in a long time
we're very well equipped to tackle the
unique concerns of this daily we still
do have the hush fight and the hush
fight I mean it gives us points but it's
going to cost us points as well I don't
think we need flies I'd rather have flat
penny to give us keys and then we use
those keys as a point bonus like that's
how in I am right now on this run like
the extra 300 or 400 points where you
get from keys sign me up
because I think we got a chance here
we're out of boss rush like in time that
never happens in time to easily get to
the hush fight we do I mean probably
will want dark bomb to pick those up
we might as well fight ah maybe I don't
think it matters
I really don't but I'm not going to
fight mommy I just in case the mom well
just in case the hush door like D
materializes if you leave the room I
it's been in the game for like two and a
half years or something like that at
this point but I don't think it does but
if we're in a situation where we want to
backtrack regardless why riskier right
we do have a deal with the devil
like now we don't want counterfeit penny
necessarily it's not horrible but the
only thing I would say is that don't
give up too much HP to this deal with
the devil because we do still need to
fight how and do the entire void floor
and to be honest with you the entire
void floor basically I'm just
subtweeting delirium unless I wish
somebody would have less HP don't you
hate it when you keep going back to a
boss and then the boss just disrespects
you by ruining your dailies yeah that's
really insulting and then delirium is
like hey who's this about and you're
like don't worry about it I'm a private
person just drop the key at the southern
entrance
like we could make it into the boss trap
room here I think that just adds in a
degree of uncertainty that I'm
uncomfortable with not to be the world's
biggest baby back bitch but I really
don't want to I mean why is the thing I
guess we got this self-sacrifice room
where we get some extra spirit arts but
it doesn't benefit us enough to justify
the potential cost even though the
potential cost is fairly low to begin
with alright obviously easy money there
uh
okay I don't really want either of these
to be honest with you I can't I have to
leave and try to come back in and all
that portal is like oh my god I got a
note I got to check the reddit after
this and see like people are like I got
sucked into the portal just before the
hash pipe alright so crooked penny is
always interesting
these are garbage so we're looking for
like a Perth row or a d6 or something
okay well scapular is lovely don't get
me wrong but you've got to go pyromaniac
immunity to explosions by itself is
worth a ton and despite this being a
little bit contrary to my normal
strategy at this point I am going to
take a blood bag because I want the
speed upgrade then we come in here and I
feel we might as well buy crooked penny
we might as well buy a starter deck I
don't know why everything's half-price
but you know remember we're spending but
it's because I want to make the Delirium
fight that much easier so I mean we
don't really want convertor nightlights
fine
there's option of cake maybe like I mean
we're spending a little too much the
Maps good fanny packs good blowing our
glass not that good
you want to double everything maybe get
like a battery charge otherwise we're
stuck with crooked penny you know what
we're stuck with crooked penny we got no
we got no night light no not no night
light no black hole I think that's
completely okay crooked penny if I'm
being real with you is what we were
going to take at some point anyway
because
the the chance to double everything is
too valuable from a point standpoint
from a Zayn standpoint it's got
everything the body means so it does
suck to lose the black hole but the
black hole was amazing for us on boss
rush and that's enough
even if it's just a boss rush specialty
for whatever reason it did amazing work
for us on that last run so the score is
the highest scores are between 45 and
35,000 45 and 55 thousand we should be
able to ascend to those levels if I'm
being legit with you right now
I'm just thinking like man it would be
so nice to have shielded tears but
that's an aside we're going to be at 37
by the time we leave this floor with the
full floor remaining so the easiest way
to get to 45,000 would be to I mean of
course a never take damage again because
now failed and be cranked on these
consumables and then you usually get a
little bonus for finishing the run
regardless we got it we got it we got it
okay let's go go grab a spear at our
back here this is our void floor and
let's get a move on so what do we have
the world card what was our the guy the
hero font it is the ear of fun
so we blow this up even though I don't
think it gives us anything at all well
give us three cards it's not useless
actually Wheel of Fortune and then we
replace the Tower with the Europe on and
a high priestess like I'm pretty I'm
semi confident we do more damage than
than high priestess does at this point
so again general MO here you want to
explore every room take no damage and
then quit just prior to the delirium
room whether or not we go through with
that plan I don't know I feel like oh it
would be a compromising of my ideals but
at the same time every time I've gone
through with the delirium fight to
finish a run I've always lost like
thousands of points and sometimes I've
also compromised my ability to even win
the run so it's kind of like if you
can't beat them eat them and if you
can't beat them and eat them join them
as far as I'm concerned because I really
feel like they should just make it so
delirium gives you like it doesn't have
to be a big bonus but delirium gave you
another 3,000 points for beating it
everyone would try to do it because
that's the way that you get ahead on
these dailies is you you do aggressive
plays that other people might shy away
from because they happen too fast or
they're too dangerous and I think you
know that would actually be bad for me
because I'm a notoriously terrible
player when it comes to delirium but
okay those spikes might be legitimate
still so be careful but I think that it
just it fits the spirit of the game
better if it's a spirited a game better
okay I you don't have to sponge me me
give me the right there
these are like all potential delirium
fights so I'm going to stay away from
them for now you might ask why I sought
them out in the first place got a good
point
in fact almost every one of these could
be delirium so you know what let's force
our own hand
okay you might think I'm bummed in a way
I am because I've gated myself out of
one of the options but in a way I'm not
because now we can just go through the
rest of the floor and I was looking at
it you know go look at the map pause the
video look at the map there were like
two locations where delirium almost
certainly would not be and then in every
other location that a boss room could be
like the terminus of a path there was a
decent chance it could be delirium so I
figured let's just go for the bosses
closest to us and then you know if it is
delirium least we found it fast if it's
not delirium then at least we didn't
waste time you know for tracking to a an
area that might be delirium nonetheless
you know this is an easier delirium
fight than usual
probably our ridiculously high damage
piercing shots killing power and tech
zero or doing great work for us I'm not
going to sweat getting hit twice I'm not
going to sweat getting hit six times and
you know what to kill delirium that
sounded like an eternal heart but to
kill delirium and maintain like my own
twisted sense of you know a moral code
and Isaac feels good and I almost
immediately ate it but by taking damage
against a troll bomb right after that
but we made it that's fine all right I
mean you might as well well we might as
well not have because it cost us 20
points so at this point if we see an
item that's fun we should take it if we
see an item that just sort of exists we
shouldn't take it like we could take all
the guppy items once we see if there's
three guppy items on this floor for
example and now we feel pretty safe
going into like every single one of
these rooms like blue map we don't need
sure maybe it finds us the secret room
the second secret room I should say all
right all find us both secret rooms but
I don't think it's high on the necessity
list and I mean to be a hundred percent
real with you you should kill every
enemy without getting hit at this point
I would have given myself
ohoho I would have given myself way more
flak for taking damage extra damage on
top of what we already took against
delirium then I would give me for taking
extra damage now against pretty much any
other enemy I'll take this because it
gives us five items to sorry five bombs
and I think that that's worth something
that is a devil card it's got a half way
through this floor so we're going to
finish 45 I actually think is within our
grasp if we don't take damage maybe a
lucky - of X card shows up I think 45
thousand is not outside of the realm of
possibility I think this could be a top
50 daily let's call it top 50 for now
and that's top 50 with delirium so as
far as I was like number negative 12
you know we're higher than number one
that's a little bit of a stretch but we
did it our way and for once our way work
it probably still did not work as well
as the other way but it worked
gosh darn it okay Pandora's box is
actually garbage on this floor I believe
it gives you nothing I've heard they've
recently added more hops
I have also used swallowed penny
approximately zero times and swallowed
penny of course immigrants beating
around the bush you have a swallowed
penny of course is actually crooked
penny should try to double some things I
don't know kind of just focused on
playing absently for now
keys are thankfully coming up mostly
again that flat penny pickup which I do
think was the right call if we can get
to 43,000 before the the world okay if
we can get to 43,000 before the before
we finish the run I think that we will
have a great chance to be in the front
page of the leaderboard right now 55,000
is not within grasp think to get that
done you'd basically have to not take
damage on this run and then maybe I mean
if you use your two of clubs better than
I did you can eke another thousand out
of that potentially maybe you double the
two of clubs with swallowed penny you
know that puts you in a great spot as
well but today's daily I'm given as a
seal of approval this is like an A to A
plus daily as far as I'm concerned I had
a great time on today's daily if we play
our cards right we might be at 44,000
44,000 dude I mean that's pretty good
you might wonder by the way why am I not
picking up like anything even some items
that are good at this point you know one
room of guardian angel isn't worth the
cost we should that we should open this
because two keys if we get two pennies
we got a good chance to get it back we
have one penny and some bombs which are
functionally the same and what you got
for me I thought maybe he would give us
points just for eating those some of
those enemies do I'm not going to blow
up spirit arts because a bomb or sorry
have a tinted rocks because a bomb for a
for spirit arts that I can't even pick
up makes no sense to me so we'll very
very quickly just come up here crack
into this and blow these both up
and that's going to do is we're going to
be at like 40 3643 I'd say we've got a
good bead on the front page today for
now at least it is pretty early in the
day still
well actually I live in like the
westernmost timezone so it's not really
early in the day but still time you know
people are coming home from work and
stuff like that but not quite this one
but I think that will be definitely
within the top like 50 today top hundred
somewhere in that vicinity so let's go
check it out see how we did here we got
forty-three thousand six hundred
forty-eight I thought we were going to
get a point photo so he finished but now
we're 103 I was too in Milan more than I
should have but still a good run a fun
run I had a great time hope you did as
well if you did click the like button up
set a great deal of course subscribe if
you wanna see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I will see
you next time